**Goal**
Level Goal

Logging in to bandit26 from bandit25 should be fairly easy… The shell for user bandit26 is not /bin/bash, but something else. Find out what it is, how it works and how to break out of it.

    NOTE: if you’re a Windows user and typically use Powershell to ssh into bandit: Powershell is known to cause issues with the intended solution to this level. You should use command prompt instead.

Commands you may need to solve this level

ssh, cat, more, vi, ls, id, pwd
---------------------------------

**My solution** 
Note: this is now one of my favourites levels beacouse you have more than one task to solve

0. As we log in to 26 level we are getting kicked out of the server instantly.

1. First step is to find out what shell are we actually using.
All information about users and its shells is saved into /etc/passwd folder.

So let's find out what shell does bandit26 uses 

```bash
cat /etc/passwd
```

After reading the file we discover that user26 uses more command as its shell.

2. Second step is to break out from out current shell into bash.
The only clue that we have rn is that we are using more command. So lets see its man page to find something we can exploit.
Try to open the man page in your browser.
After looking through commands we can execute from more we discover that we are able to open vi by pressing 'v' . This will help us because we are not only able to execute commands using vi but also to change the shell we are using.
Try to use this command in vi:
```vi 
:!set shell=/ust/bin/bash
```

3. Third step is to grab a password for level 27. 
After changing our shell we can use normal bash commands by using following command:
```vi 
:!command [command]
```
The first thing that I did is listed current folder by using 'ls' command.
After that I discovered that we have a bandit27-do executable.
We already have solved a CTF that involved a similar executable.
So what that executable does is actually runs a given command as a user that owns this executable in out case as bandit27.
Lets run it and try to grab a passwords for bandit27. 
```vi 
:!command ./bandit27-do cat /etc/bandit_pass/bandit27

DONNeee. 

I really enjoyed doing this one. 
```

